OF COURSE, IN THE RUN-UP TO THE
ELECTION, THE PRESIDENT HAS
STOKED FEAR OF IMMIGRANTS.
BUT AT AN OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
THIS AFTERNOON, HE STARTED BY
SAYING HE CARES ABOUT PEOPLE
FROM OTHER COUNTRIES.
>> AMERICA IS A WELCOMING
COUNTRY, AND, UNDER MY
LEADERSHIP, IT'S A WELCOMING
COUNTRY.
>> STEPHEN: GOOD PLAN, MR.
PRESIDENT!
WARM UP THE CROWD WITH A JOKE.
( LAUGHTER )
HE WENT ON TO SAY THAT HE WANTED
IMMIGRATION LAWS CHANGED.
>> WE DO A VERY GOOD JOB,
CONSIDERING THE LAWS ARE SO BAD.
THEY'RE NOT ARCHAIC.
THEY'RE INCOMPETENT.
IT'S NOT THAT THEY'RE OLD.
THEY'RE JUST BAD.
>> STEPHEN: UNLIKE YOU, WHO IS
BOTH OLD AND BAD.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUMP ALSO TIED IMMIGRATION TO
THE ECONOMY.
>> BUT THIS IS A PERILOUS
SITUATION, AND IT THREATENS TO
BECOME EVEN MORE HAZARDOUS AS
OUR ECONOMY GETS BETTER AND
BETTER.
>> STEPHEN: WAIT, ARE THINGS
HAZARDOUS, OR ARE THEY GETTING
BETTER AND BETTER?
(AS TRUMP)
"YES, THINGS ARE GETTING SO BAD
BECAUSE THINGS ARE GOING SO
WELL.
AS I ALWAYS SAY, 'MAKE AMERICA
GREAT AGAIN, WHICH WILL BE
TERRIBLE!'"
( LAUGHTER )
AND HE REPEATED AN ALT-RIGHT
THEORY THAT EVERYONE ASKING FOR
ASYLUM IS JUST A CRIMINAL
READING A MEMORIZED STATEMENT.
>> THEY NEVER HEARD OF THE
PHRASE BEFORE.
THEY DON'T BELIEVE IN THE
PHRASE.
BUT THEY'RE GIVEN A LITTLE LEGAL
STATEMENT TO READ.
AND THEY READ IT.
AND NOW, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO QUALIFY.
>> STEPHEN: MY GOD, COULD YOU
BELIEVE SOMEONE TELLING A
FEDERAL OFFICIAL A PHRASE THEY
DIDN'T BELIEVE IN?
>> PRESERVE, PROTECT AND DEFEND.
THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED
STATES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> STEPHEN: THAT GUY SHOULD
DEFINITELY BE DEPORTED.
YOU'VE GOT TO GET THAT GUY OUT
OF THIS COUNTRY.
I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT GUY WAS.
OUT!
OUT AMIGO!
TRUMP SAYS THERE ARE ALREADY
LOTS OF UNDOCUMENTED PEOPLE IN
THE COUNTRY.
>> MOST OF THESE PEOPLE, WE HAVE
NO IDEA HOW THEY GOT THERE, WHY
THEY GOT THERE, AND THE NUMBER
IS ACTUALLY GOING TO BE A MUCH
LARGER NUMBER AS WE LOOK AT ALL
OF THE DATA.
SO, IF YOU LOOK AT JUST A
MINIMAL NUMBER, IT'S THE SIZE OF
VERMONT.
OR BIGGER.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"OR SMALLER.
OR HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH
VERMONT AT ALL.
THAT'S SCARY.
WHAT STATE ARE THEY THE SIZE OF?
I DON'T KNOW.
COULD IT BE YOURS?"
( LAUGHTER )
"COULD BE NEW HAMPSHIRE.
I GET THOSE TWO MIXED UP.
IT'S, LIKE, UPSIDE DOWN VERMONT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST SAYING, WHEREVER THEY
ARE, THE FALL FOLIAGE IS
INCREDIBLE.
BUT I'M ASKING, IS IT BEN AND
JEER ARE OR BENITO AND GIRALDO?
WE DON'T FOE AT THIS POINT.
>> Jon: WOW.
>> Stephen: TRUMP ALSO
UNVEILED A STRANGE NEW GUN
POLICY.
>> ANYBODY THROWING STONES,
ROCKS, LIKE THEY DID TO THE
MEXICAN MILITARY, MEXICAN
POLICE, WHERE THEY BADLY HURT
POLICE AND SOLDIERS OF MEXICO,
WE WILL CONSIDER THAT A FIREARM.
>> STEPHEN: YES, A FIREARM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK AR-15 STANDS
FOR?
"A ROCK, 15."
( LAUGHTER )
AND I'M BEING TOLD THE N.R.A. IS
NOW THE "THE NATIONAL ROCK
ASSOCIATION."
( LAUGHTER )
YES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
HE EXPOUNDED ON HIS
ROCKS-ARE-GUNS THEORY.
>> WE WILL CONSIDER THAT THE
MAXIMUM THAT WE CAN CONSIDER
THAT.
WHEN THEY THROW ROCKS LIKE THEY
DID AT THE MEXICO MILITARY AND
POLICE, I SAY, CONSIDER IT A
RIFLE.
>> STEPHEN: SO, FOR THE RECORD,
"PAPER" NO LONGER BEATS "ROCK."
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
JUST BE CAREFUL, PLEASE.
>> Jon: ROCKS AND SCISSORS.
>> Stephen: AND TRUMP IS
ENCOURAGING SHOOTING
UNARMED IMMIGRANTS TO APPEAL THE
LADIES.
>> WOMEN DON'T WANT THEM IN OUR
COUNTRY.
WOMEN WANT SECURITY.
MEN DON'T WANT THEM IN OUR
COUNTRY, BUT THE WOMEN DO NOT
WANT THEM.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"AND BELIEVE ME, BECAUSE I'M THE
EMBODIMENT OF WHAT WOMEN DON'T
WANT."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
OF COURSE, TRUMP'S EVERYWHERE.
LAST NIGHT, HE WAS IN FLORIDA,
WHERE HE DREW A STRONG CONTRAST
BETWEEN THE TWO PARTIES:
>> REPUBLICANS WANT STRONG
BORDERS.
A VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS IS A VOTE
TO LIQUIDATE AMERICA'S BORDERS.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"DON'T BELIEVE ME?
LOOK AT OUR EAST AND WEST
BORDERS.
THEY'RE ALREADY TOTALLY LIQUID.
IT'S HAPPENING."
IT'S GETTING HOTTER, TOO.
AND HE KEPT ATTACKING.
>> AND THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO
CONTINUE GIVING AUTOMATIC
BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP TO EVERY
CHILD BORN TO AN ILLEGAL ALIEN.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
EVEN IF THEY'VE BEEN ON OUR SOIL
FOR ONLY A MATTER OF SECONDS.
>> STEPHEN: DOES TRUMP BELIEVE
IN A FIVE-SECOND RULE FOR
BABIES?
( LAUGHTER )
(AS TRUMP)
"IF YOU SCOOP THEM UP FAST
ENOUGH, THEY'RE STILL MEXICAN."
( LAUGHTER )
YOU CAN EAT 'EM.
NO, SO TENDER.
LAST NIGHT HE TWEETED OUT A NEW
AD HIS PERSONALLY CAMPAIGN MADE.
DUE TO EQUAL TIME RULES AND A
REMAINING SHRED OF HUMAN
DECENCY, WE'RE NOT GOING TO SHOW
YOU THE AD, BUT, IN IT, TRUMP
EQUATES ALL MIGRANTS COMING OVER
THE BORDER WITH
APPEALS TO CHRISTIANS:
>> WELL, THEY'RE GOING TO SHOW
UP FOR ME, BECAUSE NOBODY'S DONE
MORE FOR CHRISTIANS OR
EVANGELICALS OR, FRANKLY,
RELIGION, THAN I HAVE.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"NOBODY'S DONE MORE FOR
RELIGION.
ESPECIALLY CHRISTIANITY.
WELL, MAYBE THIS ONE GUY A LONG
TIME AGO.
I THINK HIS NAME WAS "JE-SUS."
BUT WE'RE GOING TO STOP HIM AT
THE BORDER.
HE'S TRAVELING WITH A CARAVAN OF
12 STRONG, YOUNG MEN-- LOT OF
MIDDLE EASTERNERS MIXED IN
THERE."
THE PRESIDENT HEARS ABOUT HIS
CHRISTIAN SUPPORT EVERY DAY.
>> I THINK WE'VE HAD TREMENDOUS
SUPPORT IN THE FORM OF PRAYER,
AND I GET IT ALL THE TIME, 'I'M
PRAYING FOR YOU, MR. PRESIDENT.
I'M PRAYING FOR YOU.'
I HEAR IT SO MUCH, IT'S NICE.
>> STEPHEN: I KNOW I HAVEN'T
STOPPED PRAYING SINCE YOU
WERE ELECTED.
DEAR GOD, WHEN WILL THIS END?
AND YESTERDAY, TRUMP SPOKE WITH
JONATHAN KARL, AND SAID THAT
THERE MIGHT BE ANOTHER REASON
WHY VOTERS LIKE HIM SO MUCH.
>> ON THE CAMPAIGN, YOU MADE A
PROMISE.
YOU SAID, "I WILL NEVER LIE TO
YOU."
SO, CAN YOU TELL ME NOW,
HONESTLY, HAVE YOU KEPT THAT
PROMISE AT ALL TIMES?
>> I DO TRY, AND I ALWAYS WANT
TO TELL THE TRUTH.
WHEN I CAN, I TELL THE TRUTH.
>> STEPHEN: YES, WHEN HE CAN, HE
TELLS THE TRUTH.
WHEN HE CAN'T, HE TALKS.
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.